oh yes hyperactive little reindeer my
name is Noel Kringle morning princess
my partridge in a pear tree underwear
needs washing oh well then my Christmas
wish has been granted
Christmas runs in my family my dad was
Santa and now it's my brother next turn
to wear the hat stocking full of coal
feathers see one he saved a kitten from
a tree nice well here brother I'd be
ready by Christmas of course sometimes I
dream about getting out well you can't
be Santa if you're having a nervous
breakdown you it took it away for the
weekend the first time in 2,000 years
Santa has disappeared I just said you
should take the weekend off we must have
a new center Gabriel Kringle me I'm in
the tech department and loving it what
about a rescue mission do you mind
telling me what you're doing I'm going
to get my brother and you're coming with
me
stay right where you are we are looking
for Santa Claus
you don't tell anybody who you are where
are you think a little town up north
poor or you came from sir it's a
privilege to wear that suit put some
pants on so naughty Christmas Eve is
less than 48 hours away this could be
the perfect time to start an online
delivery platform gotta find Santa
thousands appears we have jingle bells
and delivered toys and we must make sure
nothing changes that I like your pants
they're jolly they're yoga pants like
yours these are my yogurt pants and no
yoga pants and love yogurt pants don't
want facing reindeer please wow that's a
big deal in here
[Music]